# 6.2.0.10

## Major Changes
- Added support for 1.21.6 for paper(spigot has not been updated as we look to deprecate spigot support, nag the spigot developers about modernizing their API)
- Added support for 1.21.7 for paper(spigot has not been updated as we look to deprecate spigot support, nag the spigot developers about modernizing their API)
- Added support for 1.21.8 for paper(spigot has not been updated as we look to deprecate spigot support, nag the spigot developers about modernizing their API)
- Some internal updates for packetevents(2.9.0 is now required.)
- Updated Lands support

## Addon Changes
- Added MatcherPlus Addon
  - Allows support for BreweryX and AdvancedItems stacks in shops with improved matching abilities
- Added FabledSkyblock Compat
- Added Dominion Compat
- Added HuskTowns Compat
- Added IridiumSkyblock Compat
- Added member-create for member creation in ARM compat
- Added admin-override and quickshop.arm.admin permission for admin overrides in ARM

## Minor Changes
- Added configurations for the coordinates of the display item.
- Added /qs toggledisplayall on/off server/owned
  - Players need to have permission node quickshop.toggledisplayall.admin to toggle all on the server.
- Added ability to use abbreviations in /qs price and /qs create commands such as 2.5k for 2500
- Added ability to set default display status using shop.default-display in config.yml

## Fixes
- Fixed issue with display item being sent to the moon on 1.21.5
- Fixed issue where TRADE_UI interactions interfered with quick create.
- Fixed issue with displays on protocollib falling through the chest
- Fixed issue with signs on .9 and previous .10 snapshots on early versions
- Implemented some performance improvements for paper servers
- Fixed all outstanding issues with Folia usage.(thanks to RootB33R/SleazLee for contributions)

## Possible 6.2.0.11 Features

Here's an outline for some features that may arrive in 6.2.0.11:

- Additional compats/addons that have been piling up.
  - see: https://github.com/QuickShop-Community/QuickShop-Hikari/issues/1756
- gradle?(interested to see compilation time uplifts)
- Update documentation
- Update configuration comments
- Update configuration system?
  - auto updating?
  - Allows removal of the update code
- Remove waste spigot modules?
  - Any versions of 1.20 that can be discarded due to low use?
- Bug fixing, of course
- Sign parser implementation?
  - probably have to re-evaluate since it's been awhile since it has been looked at...